what is up guys it is Tony here and
today we were doing Tony's tech time
this is the first video of the series
today we're going to be doing a $300
gaming build i'm going to show you all
the parts walk you through step-by-step
and show you where you can get the best
prices you'll find the links down in the
description so let's get this thing
started okay so first off we have the
brains of the machine for $65 i found
the intel pentium i 7 g 6 30 which is a
very good processor for the price and
won't limit your gaming at all it is a
dual core 2.7 gigahertz processor with 3
megabytes of cash and it is sandy bridge
which is gen 2 so it is a very good
processor and it will last long in your
gaming machine for a very nice price
next up we got the video card which we
went to the EVGA gtx 550 Ti this is a
great graphics card for bang for your
buck it's $135 and you get one gigabytes
of video ram which is plenty enough for
most games nowadays and this will run
battlefield 3 plenty fine at high
settings and possibly ultra if you're
running out of lower resolution of 720p
this is a great card it's also sli ready
in case you want to upgrade it in the
future and do sli next up is the
motherboard that's going to house all
these components you have the $45 asrock
h 61 m motherboard that's LGA 1155 Sandy
Bridge generation it's micro ATX so it
only has one pci express slot but it is
to point out how's that 550 TI next up
for the memory we got $17 crucial
ballistix sport memory this is 4
gigabytes in one dim which means you can
easily upgrade this to two dimms of 8
gigabytes and this is plenty enough for
most modern games today including
battlefield 3 but if you do want to
upgrade it's very easy to do all you got
to do is buy another dim of the same
type of memory and stick it in your
motherboard you have two slots so it's
very easy to do with the age 61
motherboard the next up is what you're
going to store all your files with this
is a $35 see JD be 35 this is the most
cheap hard drive I could find online but
it is not skimp and performance at a
7200 rpm s and at 300 gigabytes will be
able to hold your OS and a good amount
of games easy if you want to store video
files and other types of things you
definitely want to upgrade to 500
gigabyte or a terabyte which would be
included in the foreigner dollar bill
that I'll be doing soon alright guys so
next up here to hit that three hundred
dollar price range
had to go a little bit cheaper with the
power supply but it is a 575 watt power
supply that does support PCI Express and
has SATA which is a lot of great
features for such a cheap power supply
but i would like to warn you that
warning at the bottom is not a joke this
is a very unreliable power supply i
would recommend that within six months
of buying this you do consider upgrading
to a corsair power supply hopefully with
a better rating in terms of overall
power efficiency just because this power
supply might have a high chance of dying
out on you alright so next up here we
got the $17 DIY pc ATX case this is a
very good feet here i found a case with
a front i/o panel all the bits and bobs
that you want including an 80 millimeter
fan for such a low price I mean when
you're looking at a pc it's only 300 or
so you better skimp out on the case
that's the one place where you're not
going to get anything fancy looking and
to find one of this price with such
amazing features that some cases that
are even fifty dollars or one hundred
dollars don't you include this is a
great deal so this is the case to go
with here and that is your tony's tech
time for december 31st 2012 i hope you
guys have a good New Year's Eve and I
hope you guys drive home safe to drink a
bit and I hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial on how to build a 300 ollar
gaming pc i plan on doing another one
very soon with a much more expensive
field in fact the most expensive bill
i'll probably do in this series and i
also plan on doing some more that are
more affordable including a 400 ollar
build five hundred dollar bill except
etc etc i don't think i can go lower
than 300 this is the smallest you can
get here but if you only have three
dollars laying around and you're just a
young kid and you don't have a lot of
money saved up this is the way to go and
it's a great machine and i think you
guys will enjoy the build overall and
it's definitely a machine you can
upgrade in the future overall so that's
a great thing to have in mind maybe
that's pritchett i am tony once again
have a great new year's eve and drive
home safe if you are drinking or
partying and it's from which it i'm tony
and i'll see you guys next year
you